docs: fix the notification format (#391)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/recipes/customize-sie/localized-language.md

The Sign-in Experience i18n is a powerful tool that allows you to create and manage your own unique set of language options.

> Logto supports 8 different languages pre-defined from v1.0.0-beta.11. Now, 113 language tags are also included. You can make your own translation of the product's user interface and apply it in a different language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logto supports [various languages](https://github.com/logto-io/logto/tree/master/packages/phrases-ui/src/locales) pre-defined. Now, 113 language tags are also included. You can make your own translation of the product's user interface and apply it in a different language.
```
